how to run tick tock ads in 2022 this is
a tick tock advertising tutorial for
businesses
tiktok has now over 1 billion monthly
active users as of january 2022. 160
million videos are watched in an
internet minute on the platform and
it's the most popular mobile app
downloaded in 2020 and 2021.
if you want to leverage that platform
but don't want to spend all that time
and energy figuring out an organic
growth strategy tick-tock ads may be a
great alternative today i'm going to
show you what you need to do in order to
run successful paid ads on tick-tock
step one create and install a tik-tok
pixel similar to facebook ads or google
ads and other ad platforms when you
install a pixel that allows you to
understand the user's behavior on your
website that in turn will allow you to
segment those users in cohorts that you
want to target with other ads so let's
say someone visits your website goes
through the checkout process and doesn't
complete their purchase you'll be able
to retarget that person with another ad
and that'll help you increase the number
of conversions you get because when
they're on tick tock they'll see it boom
you can start making them convert and
here's a trick let's say you're selling
a product or a service when you do that
remarketing ad on tick tock you can show
a video of what it's like to be a
customer or use your product or service
that'll get more people to convert
step two start with the very broad
audience segmentation
don't target a specific gender or age
group let tick talk run your ads to a
broad user group and let it optimize and
deliver so they can find out later which
audience are the most responsive you
should run your ads and wait some time
for user data to come in so that you can
optimize around the data so you can see
what's working for your campaigns versus
just jumping the gun step three use as
placement only tick tock don't waste
your time and money advertising on other
platforms that tick tock offers the real
value is really on tick tock as a
platform itself step four make sure to
target only one interest at a time
when you're starting you don't want to
mix up things that have too many
interest being targeted at the same time
if you stack different interests you
won't be able to understand which
interests are creating the best results
it's better to target only one interest
at a time so you can clearly identify
which interests are the most profitable
campaign and then expand from there
step 5 ideally start with the minimum
budget of 50 a day this will allow tick
tock to run more experiments with your
ads and show them more audience in order
to optimize your ad delivery faster step
6 cap your cost per conversion
make sure that it's at least that
break-even point and that'll allow you
to run ads and spend money and not lose
it
step seven use tick-tock's ad platform
they'll show you all the top performing
ads on their platform so that you can
learn what's working for other people
and how you can model after those ads in
your own business that'll reduce the
risk now if you need help with your tick
tock ads check out my ad agency np
digital where we help them with tech
talk and all the social platforms out
there even performance marketing or if
you just have any questions on tech talk
whether it's paid organic leave a
comment below i'm here to help